a pair of Noddy terns fly close together
over an island on the reef these are two
mates reaffirming their bond
not ease signal to each other
continually during courtship both in the
air and after landing once in the trees
the performance changes they bow their
heads repeatedly it's pretty clear how
they got their name once they've started
courting they don't like any
interruption
to reinforce their relationship the male
has to collect nesting materials and the
females are famously fussy so he chooses
his present carefully a bent twig it
seems is just a thing a few more of them
and they have a nest if you can call it
that ready for their single chick Nadi's
a devoted partners and often remain
together season after season